SQL docs review (#389)
hazelcast/hz-docs: docs/modules/sql/pages/mapping-to-maps.adoc

* `keyPortableClassId`/ `valuePortableClassId`
* `keyPortableVersion`/ `valuePortableVersion` (optional, default is `0`)

> For example, to create a mapping for a map where both key and value are Portable:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, to create a mapping for a map where both the key and the value are serialized in the `Portable` format:
```

=== Compact Objects

> If your map's keys or values have `Compact` format, you need to provide the following additional options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your map's keys or values are serialized in the `Compact` format, you need to provide the following additional options:
```

=== JSON Objects

> If values are in the JSON format, configure the `valueFormat` field as the xref:working-with-json.adoc[`json` or `json-flat` type].

Reviewer: Elsewhere we put types in uppercase. Why have we changed it to lowercase for JSON types?
